+++
title = "Detection Methods Based on Structured Covariance Matrices for Multivariate SAR Images Processing"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-12-26"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Rayen Ben Abdallah", "Ammar Mian", "Arnaud Breloy", "Abigael Taylor", "Mohammed Nabil El Korso", "David Lautru"]

# Publication type.
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters*, to appear"
publication_short = "In *GRSL*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Testing the similarity of covariance matrices from groups of observations has been shown to be a relevant approach for change and/or anomaly detection in synthetic aperture radar images. While the term “similarity” usually refers to equality or proportionality, we explore the testing of shared properties in the structure of low rank plus identity covariance matrices, which are appropriate for radar processing. Specifically, we derive two new generalized likelihood ratio tests to infer i) on the equality of the low rank signal component of covariance matrices, and ii) on the proportionality of the low rank signal component of covariance matrices. The formulation of the second test involves non-trivial optimization problems for which we tailor efficient Majorization-Minimization algorithms. Eventually, the proposed detection methods enjoy interesting properties, that are illustrated on simulations and on an application to real data for change detection."

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = "pdf/grsl_paper_2019.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = "https://uavsar.jpl.nasa.gov"
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "pdf/grsl_paper_2019_supplementary_material.pdf"



# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++