+++
title = "Design of New Wavelet Packets Adapted to High-Resolution SAR Images with an Application to Target Detection"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-12-17"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ammar Mian", "Jean-Philippe Ovarlez", "Abdourahmane M. Atto", "Guillaume Ginolhac"]

# Publication type.
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing*, to appear"
publication_short = "In *TGRS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "High-Resolution in synthetic  aperture radar (SAR) leads to new physical characterizations of scatterers which are anisotropic and dispersive. These behaviors present an interesting source of diversity for target detection schemes. Unfortunately, such characteristics have been integrated and have been naturally lost in monovariate single look SAR images. Modeling this behavior as non-stationarity, wavelet analysis has been successful in retrieving this information. However, the sharp-edge of the used wavelet functions  introduces undesired high side-lobes for the strong scatterers present in the images. In this paper, a new family of parametrized wavelets, designed specifically to reduce those side-lobes in the SAR image decomposition, is proposed. Target detection schemes are then explored using this spectro-angular diversity and it can be shown that in High-Resolution SAR images, the non-Gaussian and robust framework leads to better results."

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = "pdf/tgrs_paper_2019.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = "https://www.sdms.afrl.af.mil/index.php?collection=ccd_challenge"
url_project = "http://am.atto.free.fr/index_phoenix.htm"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""



# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++