+++
title = "New Robust Statistics for Change Detection in Time Series of Multivariate SAR Images"

# Date first published.
date = "2019-01-15"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ammar Mian", "Guillaume Ginolhac", "Jean-Philippe Ovarlez", "Abdourahmane M. Atto"]

# Publication type.
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Transactions on Signal Processing*, vol. 67, no. 2, pp. 520-534, 15 Jan.15, 2019"
publication_short = "In *TSP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper explores the problem of change detection in time series of heterogeneous multivariate synthetic aperture radar images. Classical change detection schemes have modelled the data as a realisation of Gaussian random vectors and have derived statistical tests under this assumption. However, when considering high-resolution images, the heterogeneous behaviour of the scatterers is not well described by a Gaussian model. In this paper, the data model is extended to Spherically Invariant Random Vectors where the heterogeneity of the images is accounted for through a deterministic texture parameter. Then three separate detection problems are considered and generalised likelihood ratio test technique is used to derive statistical tests for each problem. The constant false alarm rate property of the new statistics are studied both theoretically and through simulation. Finally, the performance of the new statistics are studied both in simulation and on real synthetic aperture radar data and compared to Gaussian-derived ones. The study yields promising results when the data are heterogeneous."

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8552453"
url_preprint = "pdf/tsp_paper_2019.pdf"
url_code = "https://github.com/AmmarMian/DemonstrationANRPhoenix"
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "pdf/tsp_paper_supplementary_material_2019.pdf"



# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++